and repeat that night even in
the personal thing that you see here marking the
Sunday to so many people in their stadium with
similar rival in as much if the truth
what good after those memories is
easier to visualize you doing it
again and I already know what it feels like
I enjoyed it very much and I would like
return
to score to help the team with to draw
the victory and good would be to do something
ideal and that I would really enjoy
everything if the favorable result was
it was the first time I had to score
of America and what better than that
league match between the one stadium
that had a very good input and that
they are going to have
great hopes and expectations
that the team made a good match
and it happened like I tell you
unfortunately the result at the end
we tied in the global and we did not pass but
but we also have that one
thorn pinned and apart by
need we have to get results
to get fully again
me to the tournament you see it as a moment
ideal for what cougars come out of
this little bump in which in which
entered the fact that it's Sunday in
your home a full stadium against an opponent
like america or more does not have better framework
that that to get up
we do not have under the frame because
so marks the tournament we know that if
you let go more dates at the end it costs you and
so I think it's an opportunity
a nice opportunity for the team
take the road that he who wins
take out the three points and as I say
to get back into the
fight in the tournament and at the same time defeat
to a rival like it is america with which
you have a lot of rivalry however it is
in America very differently it has not
reinforced by that out there it was said that
the best soccer reinforcements
Mexican intimidates in some way to see
the names of this template what they have
made the win to achieve the day
previous
of course they have a good roster and
good
is part of the identity of the america that
always try to reinforce yourself from that
way but good we
We do not fear anyone, we know what
that doing things well
and if we give all of our
our what we have to give we can
defeat any opponent that is
put in front
but we do not deny the quality they have
but good has always been like this
pumas right now is giving you too
opportunity to several young people that's
part of cougar identity then
this is how I say no no no
we have that kind of thing but rather
we try to think about what we can be
we can repeat you can
to be with America again without a doubt
yes me because of that team
of those two occasions that we beat them
both in the Aztec and as here in the
going from the quarterfinals I think that
90 percent of the games that
we play that game we are here in the
campus then I do not see why not
we have the ability to return to
achieve it simply
leave all connected all plugged in
in doing things well and well I think
than to return to that level with which
we count on that in those matches for
so that the team comes back and goes back to
lift and take a positive inertia
ah